#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.10
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
alembic==1.8.1
    # via flask-migrate
blinker==1.5
    # via flask-mail
bootstrap-flask==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
cachelib==0.9.0
    # via flask-caching
click==8.1.3
    # via flask
dnspython==2.2.1
    # via email-validator
email-validator==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bootstrap-flask
    #   flask-caching
    #   flask-login
    #   flask-mail
    #   flask-migrate
    #   flask-paranoid
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   flask-wtf
flask-caching==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-login==0.6.2
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-mail==0.9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-migrate==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-paranoid==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-sqlalchemy==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-migrate
flask-talisman==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-wtf==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
greenlet==2.0.1
    # via sqlalchemy
idna==3.4
    # via email-validator
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-wtf
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via flask
mako==1.2.4
    # via alembic
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   werkzeug
    #   wtforms
pyjwt==2.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pylibmc==1.6.3
    # via -r requirements.in
sqlalchemy==1.4.44
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
werkzeug==2.2.2
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-login
wtforms==3.0.1
    # via
    #   bootstrap-flask
    #   flask-wtf
